All right, so the first order of business
is gonna be to create a game screen
component similar to
the welcome screen component.
We'll just put that in here in
source slash screens slash new file
game dot spelt.
And then we'll import that.
Inside app dot felt the same way that
we imported our welcome component.
And then down here, we've got the game
screen goes head placeholder.
We're gonna instantiate
the game component.
But we're gonna pass
through the selection,
because that's what the game is gonna
use to actually render the quiz.
So the first thing we need to do in our
game component is make that selection prop
available export lead selection, and
we're gonna verify that it's getting
passed through correctly by logging it.
And then once again,
we're just gonna rip off some markup
from the one that we made earlier.
The rest is just gonna
be placeholder stuff.
We're gonna make an element
that is gonna contain the game.
And then finally,
we're gonna create that little
row of results down here.
So right now everything is getting
smashed into the middle of the screen,
we want the game container to
fill as much space as possible.
And then for the header and the results
to just occupy the top and bottom.
So, we're gonna add a rule game
container has a flex value of one and
that will make it stretch to
occupy as much space as it can.
Okay, so the game container you can
see is occupying most of the screen
Now if you look at the selection object
that's being passed in as a prop,
we can see the data structure
that we're gonna work with.
And most of the stuff that we
need is that, we got names,
we got prices, got all of that.
But we don't have the image that
belongs to each of the celebrity.
So for that we're gonna
need to go back to the API.
And we're gonna need to load some
more data for each of these.
And that essentially means that
we're gonna need to create
a bunch of promises representing
the result of loading that data.
So let's do const promises
equals selection dot map.
And then for each of those
objects that we just looked at,
We're gonna load some details.
Round at each round has an A property and
a B property.
Right, so now we just need
to implement like details.
I'm just want to grab that URL again.
So each of these has Jason can inspect,
which contains all of the same information
as before plus description and
plus the image is grabbed that URL,
comes res equals await fetch.
And then just replace the real mirror with
the ID of the slab that we care about.
And then just gonna return the Jason for
that response.
So that's gonna give us
a bunch of different
promises that represent the full
details of the celebrities.
Who spaces we are gonna
include in our game.
Now, dealing with asynchronous objects in,
in templating languages has
historically been a little bit awkward.
But spelt has a first class
way of showing promises
in your component that we looked at
earlier and it's called the await block.
So we're gonna use one of those here.
Gonna do a weight something,
we'll figure that out later.
Then we're gonna have an array of A and
B, because that's what's getting
returned from here, an array.
And by the way,
I'm actually using a shorthand here.
So before we had a waive something and
then you would have a pending block.
And then you would have a then closed.
In cases like this one where we actually
don't want to show anything while while
pending is still the case, we can shortcut
this to a weight, something Ben value.
[NOISE] And so once again,
that's gonna be an array with A and
B and we can use destructuring.
And inside there, we're gonna
create the game element itself.
Class equals game.
I'm gonna have a card for
the two celebrities faces.
You don't name and then just like here, so
someone just pointed out
that I am not loading B,
I'm only loading A twice
which is no help at all.
Thank you for spotting that.
Okay so on the final version of the game
you can see the, as well as having
celebrity A, they were having in this
case since celebrity B, Maurice LaMarche.
We have a button in the middle that you
are supposed to press when you see that
charging exactly the same price, so
were gonna add that to mark up as well.
Just put a little div in there and
then inside there,
we can have a button,
give it a class equals same.
And then just put the word same price.
And in some cases, like as we've seen,
it's possible that would be an error.
So we're gonna have a little
error message class equals error.
And we'll just print the Print
a message that says we failed to load,
data and
then [INAUDIBLE] Okay,
so all we got to do now is
figure out what this something
should be, so we have,
an array of promises.
And we're gonna step through them one at a
time and the easiest way to do that would
be to just have a value that represents
the current index into those promises.
So let's create a new
value let I equals zero.
I'm just gonna take that up
as we go through the rounds.
Replace something with promises.
I like so and then now if we
go over to our application and
pick around.
And we can see that it is indeed picking
out two celebrities Gillian Harris and
Kevin Chamberlin and
rendering some game UI for those.
And now, I guess we need to start
building out the rest of that UI.